add caution about removing package (#302)
vrchat-community/creator-companion: Docs/docs/vpm/packages.md

For example, we use the format "^3.1.x" in many of the official templates and VRC SDK packages. This format is designed to match any version past 3.1.0, but it restricts changes to the major version number. This is because a change in the major version number signifies breaking changes that may not be compatible with previous versions. For instance, if a package has version 3.5.2, it will match the "^3.1.x" format, whereas version 4.1.0 will not.

This format also supports [Prerelease Packages](#prerelease-packages).

<!-- Don't forget sync this caution with guides/create-listing.md -->

:::caution

> Do not remove old versions of your VPM packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not remove old versions of your VPM packages after publishing them.
```

> Do not remove old versions of your VPM package when adding new versions.

Author: ```suggestion
Do not remove old versions of your VPM packages.
```

I think when adding new versions is not required.
